ha how did this even happen while always
doing this to myself no
what are these 31 buff dead rabbit I'm
gonna regret that I'm can't I regret
that the gift show us dragonborn let us
taste of your voice
do not be afraid your shout will not
harm us
here's shout at us let us taste of your
voice
ah alright Bam Bam Bam and the damage is
gone John ah hope help back in the
castle back in the castle
Oh
hello who's there
whoa a cold or push they say the college
has been snooping around sorrowful mages
in a burial crypt no good can come of
that here
okay so i can i can understand you know
putting a werewolf in a locked cage you
know you savage channel but why a dead
horse i I don't know was he like they
have rabies or something you know why
like touch them hey I just don't get it
Oh what's up Oh
there's a fucking dragon
there's a
there's a dragon
Oh Mike
is this you people aren't worth saving
it's not what it looks like I swear I'm
greed you should have seen it there's
people there's people outside and there
was a dragon attacking and they weren't
doing anything okay there little guy
whoa oh god I'm sorry I'm sorry
don't touch the door how should I get it
open whoa